Add background build option to one-page serve (#1539)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/userGuide/cliCommands.md

<panel header="**Options** :fas-cogs:" type="minimal" expanded>

**Options** :fas-cogs:

> be

Author: Whoops missed this one

The caveat is that not building all pages during the initial process, or not rebuilding all affected pages when a file changes, will cause your search results for these pages to be empty or outdated, until you navigate to them to trigger a rebuild.
</box>

* `-b`, `--background-build` **[BETA]**<br>

>    If `--one-page` is specified, enhances the single-page serve by building the pages that are not yet built or marked

Author: Sure thing

   to be rebuilt in the background.
   

>    You can still play around with the pages during the background build. When MarkBind detects changes to the source

Reviewer: wording nit:
```suggestion
   You can still edit pages during the background build. When MarkBind detects changes to the source
```

   files, the background build will stop, rebuild the files affected, then resumes the background build with the

>    remaining pages.

Reviewer 2: @ryoarmanda We can mention what's the benefit to the user. Otherwise there is no motivation for the user to use this option.
